welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian season two episode one
yes the mandalorian's back baby he's
walked through the streets of this scary
town at night with his companion baby
yoda who is
as cute as ever he steps into a fighting
ring where these two axe aliens are
going at it he's here to meet the
cyclops alien because this guy
apparently knows where some other
mandalorians are remember mando's main
quest is to take baby yoda safely to
others of his species but no one seems
to have any idea what species he is so
he's looking for more mandalorians that
can hopefully help him but this guy
turns on mando he's going to kill him to
take his best guard steel armor which is
worth a fortune you don't want to mess
with mando though baby yoda puts his
blast shield up as he oh
the whistling birds boom then an epic
fight yeah but he's got the best guard
steel you can't take him out aw
so he strings this guy up promises you
won't die by my hand if you tell me what
you know so this guy reveals he's heard
rumors of another mandalorian back on
tatooine then mando walks away he
promised not to kill this guy but didn't
say anything about the scary dog aliens
oh
hardcore samantha goes back to the
desert planet of tatooine of course luke
skywalker's homeworld and where mando
went in episode 5 last season he parks
at the same garage where he made friends
with the owner amy sedaris and in a nice
show of character development last time
he was like yo no droid's on my ship
cause he still hated him but after his
adventures with ig11 he's like ah droids
are okay now he heard the other
mandalorian was in this specific town so
she pulls out a map on her droid
it's the red r5 unit from the original
star wars she's like yeah that one's way
out in the desert so she loans man to a
speeder bike and baby yoda's so
cute so mando rides into this town this
episode's got even more western vibes
than usual mando tracks down this other
mandalorian they call them marshall
and oh my god that is boba fett's
armor but this guy wearing it clearly
not boba fett in fact he immediately
takes his helmet off
mando's like whoa that is not the way in
fact under that helmet is
timotheolaphant he's not a mandalorian
he's just a guy named cobb vance who
found this armor and is the marshal of
this town amanda's like yo if you ain't
a mandalorian you cannot wear that armor
give it back right now or i'm gonna have
to kill you but before they can start
their fight they got a problem some sort
of earthquake
oh it's a gigantic sandworm monster
boom eats this thing wow he's like yeah
man that's a crate dragon he's been
terrorizing this town for a while even
with the armor i can't kill it you're a
real mandalorian you're an expert hunter
right if you help me kill it i'll give
you the armor back so they ride off into
the desert together this guy's made a
speeder out of half a pod racer whoa
nice reference he tells men of the story
of how after the empire fell that was
great except it created a power vacuum
and this other group came in took over
the town made everyone slaves he managed
to escape was picked up by the jaws and
was able to trade some super expensive
crystals
for boba fett's armor that they
apparently salvaged from the sarlacc pit
armed with his new super suit he came
back and saved the town yeah this
thing's got rocket launchers
anyway they pass through a ravine and
are ambushed by sand people yeah the
tuscan raiders but remember from last
season mando actually knows their
language he's able to speak with them
long story short they want to kill that
great dragon too and it's like yeah
let's team up now the sand people
actually feed the great dragon sometimes
so it doesn't you know come out and eat
them
it is very dangerous though cause it
skips the bantha and oh eats that
unlucky guy
they realize this thing's way too big to
take down we're gonna need
reinforcements they're gonna need the
whole
town now there's a lot of animosity
between the settlers and the sand people
they've had many skirmishes casualties
on both sides
amanda's like yo forget that we've gotta
work together to take out this mutual
threat so the whole gang goes back to
the caves they've got a plan they're
gonna bury these mining charges in the
sand
lure it out then boom explode it now
this monster is
absolutely enormous it is super
cool they've got to keep shooting at it
to make it angry lure it out far enough
so the explosives will get it oh by the
way this thing also has
acid breath it's finally close enough
blam
exploded but it kind of sinks back down
i don't think we got it yes it bust out
the top of its cave raining acid breath
down on them so mando and the marshall
double jet packs flying up there to
distract it this monster fight scene is
so well done
the dune movie has a lot to live up to
eventually mando gets a new plan there's
still a bunch of mining charges strapped
to this one bantha he gets the marshal
to distract it with a rocket launcher
now it's coming right at him it's like
yo man take care of baby other for me
and hits his jet pack just like han solo
did in return of the jedi
sending him flying off manu needs this
thing to eat the explosives but he's got
to stay there to distract it
and oh swallowed hole is mando dead
no he used his electric stick to make
him spit it out then
boom exploded from the inside so
freaking cool
so cobb van hands over boba fett's armor
it's like yo man you're cool but i mean
you still can't keep it the menu and
baby yoda ride off into the sunset but
the episode's not over yet a mysterious
desert wanderer is watching them
who is this guy it is confirmed boba
fett
yes it is cannon now he survived the
sarlacc pit
what adventures is he gonna have with
mando find out on the next episode of
the mandalorian
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member